Stop using CHANGELOG.md (#180)
robotology/whole-body-estimators: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> This file documents notable changes to this project done before September 2023. For changes after that date, plase refers to the release notes of each release at https://github.com/robotology/robotology-superbuild/releases .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file documents notable changes to this project done before September 2023. For changes after that date, plase refers to the release notes of each release at https://github.com/robotology/whole-body-estimators/releases .
```
